Additional Information about Reference Rates Administered by the New York Fed - FEDERAL RESERVE BANK of NEW YORK Museum & Visits Regional Economy Data & Statistics Careers Blogs News & Events Menu About the New York Fed About the New York Fed What We Do Who We Are Bank Leadership Communities We Serve Governance Board of Directors Disclosures Ethics and Conflicts of Interest Annual Financial Statements Org Chart More About Us News & Events Advisory Groups Vendor Information Holiday Schedule At the New  York Fed, our mission is to make the U.S. economy stronger and the financial system more stable for all segments of society. We do this by executing monetary policy, providing financial services, supervising banks and conducting research and providing expertise on issues that impact the nation and communities we serve. The Teller Window is a publication featuring expert knowledge and insight from the New York Fed, including thoughts and perspectives from senior leaders. Do you have a request for information and records? Learn how to submit it. Learn about the history of the New York Fed and central banking in the United States through articles, speeches, photos and video. Markets & Policy Implementation Markets & Policy Implementation DATA Reference Rates Effective Federal Funds Rate Overnight Bank Funding Rate Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR Averages & Index Broad General Collateral Rate Tri-Party General Collateral Rate Desk Operations Treasury Securities Agency Mortgage-Backed Securities Repos Reverse Repos Securities Lending Central Bank Liquidity Swaps System Open Market Account Holdings Primary Dealer Statistics Historical Transaction Data DOMESTIC MARKET OPERATIONS Monetary Policy Implementation Treasury Securities Agency Mortgage-Backed Securities Agency Commercial Mortgage-Backed Securities Agency Debt Securities Repos & Reverse Repos Securities Lending Discount Window Treasury Debt Auctions & Buybacks as Fiscal Agent INTERNATIONAL MARKET OPERATIONS Foreign Exchange Foreign Reserves Management Central Bank Swap Arrangements ACROSS MARKETS Statements & Operating Policies Market Intelligence Survey of Market Expectations Annual Reports Counterparties Primary Dealers Standing Repo Counterparties Reverse Repo Counterparties Foreign Exchange Counterparties Foreign Reserves Management Counterparties Operational Readiness Central Bank & International Account Services Programs Archive Economic Research Economic Research U.S. Economy Consumer Expectations & Behavior Survey of Consumer Expectations Household Debt & Credit Report Home Price Changes Growth & Inflation Economic Heterogeneity Indicators (EHIs) Multivariate Core Trend Inflation New York Fed DSGE Model New York Fed Staff Nowcast R-star: Natural Rate of Interest Labor Market Labor Market for Recent College Graduates Labor Market Tightness Index Financial Stability Corporate Bond Market Distress Index Losses from Natural Disasters Outlook-at-Risk Treasury Term Premia Yield Curve as a Leading Indicator Banking Banking Research Data Sets Reserve Demand Elasticity REGIONAL ECONOMY Empire State Manufacturing Survey Business Leaders Survey Regional Business Surveys: Special Topics Regional Employment Trends Early Benchmarked Employment Data INTERNATIONAL ECONOMY Global Supply Chain Pressure Index RESEARCHERS Staff Economists Visiting Scholars Resident Scholars PUBLICATIONS Liberty Street Economics Staff Reports Economic Policy Review Outside Journals RESEARCH CENTERS Applied Macroeconomics & Econometrics Center (AMEC) Center for Microeconomic Data (CMD) CALENDAR Economic Indicators Calendar Financial Institution Supervision Financial Institution Supervision Supervision & Regulation Circulars Regulations Reporting Forms & Instructions Reporting Forms Correspondence Bank Applications Consumer Protection Community Reinvestment Act Frauds and Scams As part of our core mission, we supervise and regulate financial institutions in the Second District. Our primary objective is to maintain a safe and competitive U.S. and global banking system. The Governance & Culture Reform hub is designed to foster discussion about corporate governance and the reform of culture and behavior in the financial services industry. Need to file a report with the New York Fed? Here are all of the forms, instructions and other information related to regulatory and statistical reporting in one spot. The New York Fed works to protect consumers as well as provides information and resources on how to avoid and report specific scams. Financial Services & Infrastructure Financial Services & Infrastructure Financial Services & Operations Services For Financial Institutions Payment Services Payment System Oversight International Services, Seminars & Training Financial Market Infrastructure & Reform Tri-Party Repo Infrastructure Reform Managing Foreign Exchange Money Market Funds Over-The-Counter Derivatives The Federal Reserve Bank of New York works to promote sound and well-functioning financial systems and markets through its provision of industry and payment services, advancement of infrastructure reform in key markets and training and educational support
                                to international institutions. The New York Innovation Center bridges the worlds of finance, technology, and innovation and generates insights into high-value central bank-related opportunities. The growing role of nonbank financial institutions, or NBFIs, in U.S. financial markets is a transformational trend with implications for monetary policy and financial stability. The New York Fed offers the Central Banking Seminar and several specialized courses for central bankers and financial supervisors. Community Development & Education Community Development & Education Community Development Staff Fed System Initiatives Fed Communities Fed Listens Fed Small Business Other Community Development Work Calendar Economic Education Programs High School Fed Challenge College Fed Challenge Teacher Professional Development Classroom Visits Museum & Learning Center Visits Resources Educational Comic Books Economist Spotlight Series Lesson Plans and Resources Economic Education Calendar The Governance & Culture Reform hub is designed to foster discussion about corporate governance and the reform of culture and behavior in the financial services industry. Additional Information about Reference Rates Administered by the New York Fed Last Updated: 10/5/2026 Information about the Effective Federal Funds Rate and Overnight Bank Funding Rate Primary Data Inputs for the EFFR and OBFR Data Contingencies for the EFFR and OBFR Data Exclusions for the EFFR and OBFR Calculation Methodology for the EFFR and OBFR Details on Publication and Revisions for the EFFR and OBFR Information about the Treasury Repo Reference Rates Primary Data Inputs for the Treasury Repo Reference Rates Data Contingencies for the Treasury Repo Reference Rates Data Exclusions for the Treasury Repo Reference Rates Calculation Methodology for the TGCR, BGCR, and SOFR Calculation Methodology for the SOFR Averages and Index Details on Publication and Revisions for the Treasury Repo Reference Rates Information about Governance IOSCO Compliance Internal Oversight Methodology Changes Conflicts of Interest Questions and Complaints Additional Reference Rate Data Information about the Effective Federal Funds Rate and Overnight Bank Funding Rate Primary Data Inputs for the EFFR and OBFR The New York Fed calculates the Effective Federal Funds Rate (EFFR) and Overnight Bank Funding Rate (OBFR) from daily transaction data reported under the authority of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System on the FR 2420 Report of Selected Money Market Rates. For further information about the FR 2420, please see the following: FR 2420 Reporting Instructions FR 2420 Reporting Form Initial Federal Register Notice Final Federal Register Notice Initial Federal Register Notice  on expansion of the FR 2420 to include Selected Deposits Final Federal Register Notice  on expansion of the FR 2420 to include Selected Deposits OMB Supporting Statement and  Four Public Comment Letters The EFFR is calculated using data on  overnight federal funds transactions provided by domestic banks and U.S.  branches and agencies of foreign banks, as reported in the FR 2420. The OBFR is calculated using the  same federal funds transaction data that is included in the EFFR, as well as  certain overnight Eurodollar transaction data and, as reported in Part D of the  FR 2420, certain overnight “selected deposit” transactions that are placed at  domestic bank branches. The included Eurodollar transactions are unsecured  borrowings of U.S. dollars booked at international banking facilities and at  offshore branches that are managed or controlled by a U.S. banking office. For  U.S. branches and agencies of foreign banks, “managed and controlled” branches  are defined by Reporting Form FFIEC 002S as those offshore branches  for which the U.S. branch or agency has majority responsibility for business  decisions. For U.S. banks, the managed and controlled branches represent  offshore branches for which the U.S. office of the bank primarily manages the  funding activity. The selected deposit transactions, which were added to the  transaction base of the OBFR beginning on May 1, 2019, are U.S. dollar deposits  in an amount of $1 million or more with a fixed term and a negotiated interest  rate that are booked in U.S. offices of the reporting banks. For both the EFFR and the OBFR,  consistent with the FR 2420 reporting, overnight transactions are those settled  on the same day as the trade date and maturing the following business day.  Rates for transactions with greater than one business day to maturity or without  a specified maturity date (“open transactions”) are not included in the  calculation. Data Contingencies for the EFFR and OBFR On most days, the rates will be  published based on data from the FR2420 report. If rates are published with  reduced volume due to missing reporters or other circumstances, a footnote will  be included with the published rate to indicate reduced volume. If the FR 2420 transactions  are unavailable or deemed by the New York Fed to be incomplete and insufficient  to publish a rate, the New York Fed may publish the rates using data obtained  from federal funds and Eurodollar brokers. Under extraordinary circumstances,  when all data sources are insufficient, the New York Fed may publish the prior  day’s rates. In such instances, the change in data source will be noted when  the rate is published. In the event the rates are calculated using the federal funds and Eurodollar broker data, percentile summary statistics will not be published.  Should the prior day’s rate be published, neither the percentile nor volume summary statistics will be published. Data Exclusions for the EFFR and OBFR In calculating the rates each day,  the New York Fed will review the data to assess whether any errors are apparent  in the dataset that could affect the accuracy of published statistics and, in  some circumstances, may exercise expert judgment to determine whether reported  transactions appear to be erroneous. Time permitting, the New York Fed will  attempt to contact the relevant reporting institution in such situations to  verify the accuracy of the reported data. Transactions that cannot be confirmed  as correct or revised by the reporting institution prior to the rate  publication may be excluded from the rate calculation. If an excluded  transaction is subsequently confirmed or revised, the published rates will be  subject to revisions as described in Rate Revisions . Calculation Methodology for the EFFR and OBFR Both the EFFR and the OBFR are  calculated as a volume-weighted median, which is the rate associated with  transactions at the 50th percentile of transaction volume. Specifically, the  volume-weighted median rate is calculated by ordering the transactions from  lowest to highest rate, taking the cumulative sum of volumes of these  transactions, and identifying the rate associated with the trades at the 50th  percentile of dollar volume. 1 The published rates are the  volume-weighted median transacted rate, rounded to the nearest basis point. Also published alongside the volume-weighted median rate are the 1st, 25th, 75th and 99th volume-weighted percentiles and the transaction volume underlying the rate.  The volume-weighted percentiles are calculated using the same volume-weighted methodology described above. Transaction volume is calculated as the sum of overnight transaction volume, rounded to the nearest billion. These additional summary statistics reflect the inputs included in the rate calculation, and will only be revised if amendments to the data result in a revision to the EFFR or the OBFR. Note that the data source and  calculation methodology of the EFFR changed beginning with the publication of  the rate for March 1, 2016. March 1, 2016 also represented the first date for  which the OBFR was published. For background on these technical changes, please  see the following statements: Statement Regarding  Planned Changes to the Calculation of the Federal Funds Effective Rate and the  Publication of an Overnight Bank Funding Rate Statement Regarding the  Calculation Methodology for the Effective Federal Funds Rate and Overnight Bank Funding Rate Statement Regarding the  Implementation of Planned Changes to the Effective Federal Funds Rate and  Publication of the Overnight Bank Funding Rate Details on Publication and Revisions for the EFFR and OBFR The EFFR and the OBFR will be  published at approximately  9:00 a.m. ET each business day that is not included  in the Federal Reserve Bank of New York's Holiday Schedule . In the event of a scheduled holiday, the EFFR and the OBFR,  reflecting activity for the business day preceding the holiday, will be  published on the subsequent business day. In the event that market participants  recognize a previously unscheduled holiday, the New York Fed will publicly  communicate its approach, with the goal of aligning as closely as possible to  the approach used for scheduled holidays. If transaction data were revised or an error were discovered in the calculation process subsequent to the rate publication on the same day, the affected rate or rates may be revised at approximately 2:30 p.m. ET. These revisions would only take place if the change in the published rate exceeds one basis point. Any time a rate were to be revised, a footnote would indicate the revision. This revision threshold will be reviewed periodically and may be amended based on market conditions. If the EFFR were revised, the OBFR  would also be revised, irrespective of whether the resultant change from  recalculation were greater than the rate revision threshold. In this situation,  the OBFR revision could result in a change to the volume or the percentiles. In  other circumstances, the OBFR may be revised without a revision to the EFFR.  Any revisions to the rates would be made on a same-day basis, except in  extraordinary circumstances. The New York Fed may decide to revise the summary  statistics or publish additional summary statistics on a lagged basis. Updated summary statistics are  published on a lagged basis shortly after the end of each quarter. These statistics may differ from the EFFR or  the OBFR for a given day because the additional summary statistics may  incorporate data that was not used in the calculation of the EFFR and the OBFR  for that day pursuant to the "Rate Revisions," "Data  Exclusions" or "Data Contingency" policies described above. Additional summary statistics will  be published as part of this lagged release. The most recent release can be  found in the Additional  Reference Rate Data section of  this page. Information about the Treasury Repo Reference Rates Primary Data Inputs for the Treasury Repo Reference Rates The New York Fed, in cooperation with the U.S. Department of the Treasury’s Office of Financial Research (OFR), publishes three Treasury repo reference rates based on transaction-level data collected under the supervisory authority of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and the authority of the OFR. Prior to January 24, 2022, transaction data were collected under the supervisory authority of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and from DTCC Solutions LLC, an affiliate of the Depository Trust & Clearing Corporation, under a commercial agreement. The Tri-Party General Collateral  Rate (TGCR) is a measure of rates on overnight, specific-counterparty tri-party  general collateral repo transactions secured by Treasury securities, both centrally cleared and non-centrally cleared.  Specific-counterparty transactions refer to those in which the counterparties  involved know each other’s identity at the time of the trade. General  collateral transactions are those for which the specific securities provided as  collateral are not identified until after other terms of the trade are agreed.  The rate excludes transactions to which the Federal  Reserve is a counterparty. It is based on transaction-level tri-party data  collected from the Bank of New York Mellon (BNY) and the OFR. The Broad General Collateral Rate (BGCR) is a measure of rates on overnight Treasury general collateral repo transactions. The BGCR includes all trades used in the TGCR plus GCF Repo trades. It is based on the same transaction-level tri-party data collected from BNY and the OFR as well as GCF Repo data obtained from the OFR. The Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) provides a broad measure of the general cost of financing Treasury securities overnight. The SOFR includes all trades used in the BGCR plus data on transactions cleared through the Fixed Income Clearing Corporation's Delivery-versus-Payment (DVP) repo service. In the DVP repo market, counterparties identify specific securities to settle each trade, rather than a population of acceptable collateral as in the tri-party repo market. As a result, the DVP repo market can be used to temporarily acquire specific securities. Repos for specific-issue collateral may be executed at rates below those for general collateral repos if cash providers are willing to accept a lesser return on their cash in order to obtain a particular security. In this case, the specific securities are said to be trading "special". In order to mitigate the influence of "specials" transactions on the measurement of the general cost of financing, 20 percent of the lowest-rate transaction volume from the DVP segment is removed  each day. This 20 percent trim is applied after the exclusion of relevant affiliated trades. In order to ensure that 20 percent of the DVP volume is removed, a pro-rata calculation will be applied to the volume of each transaction occurring at the 20th volume-weighted percentile rate. This has the effect of removing some (but not all) transactions in which the specific securities are said to be trading "special". Data Contingencies for the Treasury Repo Reference Rates On most days, the New York Fed will  calculate the Treasury repo reference rates based on tri-party repo, GCF Repo,  and DVP repo data provided by BNY and the OFR from the prior business  day. However, if data for a given market segment were unavailable, then the  most recently available data for that segment would be utilized, with the rates  on each transaction from that day adjusted to account for any change in the  level of market rates in that segment over the intervening period. The  published reference rates would be calculated from this adjusted prior day’s  data for segments where current data were unavailable, and unadjusted data for  any segments where data were available. To determine the change in the level  of market rates over the intervening period for the missing market segment, the  New York Fed would use information collected through a daily survey conducted  by its Trading Desk of primary dealers’ repo borrowing activity. Each day, the  primary dealers report the volume of their borrowing activity in each of the various repo market segments included in the rates, as well as the  volume-weighted average rate of this activity. To adjust the rates from the most  recently available data for the missing segment, the overall change in the  volume-weighted average rate across primary dealers would be added to or  subtracted from each transaction, while leaving the volume of those  transactions unchanged. Below is an illustrative example of  this methodology in practice: Assume that a given market  segment s consists of  three transactions: $20 billion in transaction volume at 1 percent, $30 billion  at 2 percent, and $40 billion at 3 percent on date ( t -τ), the last day for which production data was  available for segment s. Given a ten basis point change in the overall  volume-weighted average rate of primary dealers’ repo borrowing in  segment s from ( t -τ) to t , the modified set of  transactions for market segment s on  date t would be  equivalent to $20 billion in volume at 1.10 percent, $30 billion at 2.10  percent, and $40 billion at 3.10 percent. The rate on date t would be calculated based  on this adjusted set of transactions as well as the available production data  for the other market segments. In other words, the New York Fed  would follow the following steps: for each market segment, s ,  is date t production data missing? if yes, then compute the volume-weighted mean rate from the  Primary Dealer survey for segment s for dates t and ( t -τ),  which represents that last day with production data for the segment. 2 let δ s,t-τ =  change in volume-weighted mean survey rate for segment s from ( t -τ) to t . for all transactions i in the missing segment s , set the adjusted rate Rs,i,t as: Rs,i,t = rs,i,t-τ +δ s,t-τ , and, set the  volume Vs,i,t = vs,i,t-τ . compute the published rate as the volume-weighted median across  all transactions from the production data for the available segment(s) and the  adjusted data for the missing segment(s). Under extraordinary circumstances  where the contingency data are unavailable, the New York Fed may publish the  prior day’s rates. If data other than those provided by BNY or the OFR are used,  the change in source will be noted when the rate is published. For more information on how this  procedure works in practice, please see the following: Presentation about the New York  Fed's first use of this data contingency on June 3, 2019 Note as well that in the event the  rates are calculated using the primary dealer repo data detailed in the ‘Data  Contingencies’ section, percentile summary statistics will not be  published.  Should the prior day’s rate be  published, neither the percentile nor volume summary statistics will be  published. Data Exclusions for the Treasury Repo Reference Rates In calculating the rates each day,  the New York Fed will review the data to assess whether there are any  transactions that should be excluded from the rate calculations for a given  day, such as those that appear not to have been conducted at arm’s length, or  that seem anomalous or potentially erroneous. The New York Fed may exercise  expert judgment in making such determinations. Calculation Methodology for the TGCR, BGCR, and SOFR The TGCR, BGCR, and SOFR are each calculated as a volume-weighted median, which is the rate associated with transactions at the 50th percentile of transaction volume. Specifically, the volume-weighted median rate is calculated by ordering the transactions from lowest to highest rate, taking the cumulative sum of volumes of these transactions, and identifying the rate associated with the trades at the 50th percentile of dollar volume. At publication, the volume-weighted median is rounded to the nearest basis point. Also published alongside the  volume-weighted median rate are the 1st, 25th, 75th, and 99th volume-weighted percentile  rates and the transaction volume underlying the rate.  The volume-weighted percentiles are calculated  using the same volume-weighted methodology described above. Transaction volume  is calculated as the sum of overnight transaction volume used to calculate each  reference rate, rounded to the nearest $1 billion. These additional summary  statistics reflect the inputs included in the rate calculation and will only be  revised on the day of initial publication if amendments to the data result in a  same-day revision to any of the three rates. For each rate, the New York Fed  excludes trades between affiliated entities, when relevant and when the data to  make such exclusions are available. Similarly, the New York Fed excludes trades  negotiated for forward settlement. To the extent possible, “open” trades, for  which pricing resets daily (making such transactions economically similar to  overnight transactions), are included in the calculation of the rates.  As noted above, 20 percent of the lowest-rate transaction volume from the DVP segment is removed each day. For further information regarding  the development of the three Treasury repo reference rates, please see the  following: Request for Information  Relating to Production of Rates (Notice and Request for Public Comment) Production of Rates Based on  Data for Repurchase Agreements (Notice) Calculation Methodology for the SOFR Averages and Index In addition to the daily SOFR, the  New York Fed also publishes three compounded averages of the SOFR with tenors  of 30-, 90-, and 180-calendar days and a SOFR Index that allows for the  calculation of compounded average rates over custom time periods. Note that,  whereas the SOFR is published one business day following its value date (the  day when overnight trades were negotiated), the SOFR averages and index are  published on their value date. This approach aligns with the economics of the  repo market, where the repo rate determines the cost of borrowing through the  transaction’s maturity date. For the overnight repo transactions comprising the  SOFR, the maturity date is always the next business day (when the SOFR is  published), so the index and averages will always have a value date one  business day later than the value date of the final SOFR observation included. The SOFR Averages and Index employ  daily compounding on each business day, as defined below in ‘Details on  Publication and Revisions’. On any day that is not a business day, simple  interest applies, at a rate of interest equal to the SOFR value for the  preceding business day. In accordance with broader U.S. dollar money market  convention, interest is calculated using the actual number of calendar days,  but assuming a 360-day year. The SOFR Averages for a given  publication date incorporate all the SOFR values starting exactly 30-, 90-, and  180-calendar days before the publication date, regardless of whether or not  that date is a weekend or holiday, and extend through the SOFR published that  day. Where: SOFRi = SOFR applicable on  business day i ni = number of calendar days  for which SOFR i applies (1 day for  most Mondays-Thursdays, or 3 days for most Fridays, except in the case of  holidays) dc = the number of calendar  days in the calculation period (that is, 30-, 90-, or 180-calendar days) db = the number of business  days in the calculation period i denotes a series of ordinal numbers representing each business  day in the calculation period In order to preserve the  fixed-day-count structure, the SOFR Averages assign the SOFR value from the  preceding business day when the start date of a given tenor falls on a weekend  or a holiday. For example, if the start date falls on a Saturday, the SOFR for  the preceding Friday would be applied for 2 calendar days (Saturday and  Sunday). If the start date falls on a Sunday, the SOFR for the preceding Friday  would be applied for 1 calendar day (Sunday). An example of how holidays and  weekends are treated in the SOFR Averages is summarized in the table below. SOFR Average Start Date SOFR ON Start Date First Compounding Term* Wednesday w (1 + w × 2/360) Thursday (Holiday) N/A (1 + w × 1/360) Friday y (1 + y × 3/360) Saturday N/A (1 + y × 2/360) Sunday N/A (1 + y × 1/360) Monday z (1 + z × 1/360) * Note: if, in the example above, Monday were a holiday and the start date of the average fell on the preceding Friday, then the first compounding term would be (1 + y × 4/360). The SOFR Index measures the  cumulative impact of compounding the SOFR on a unit of investment over time,  with the initial value set to 1.00000000 on April 2, 2018, the first value date  of the SOFR. The Index is compounded by the value of each SOFR thereafter. For  example, the first official published SOFR Index value, on March 2, 2020,  reflects the effect of compounding the SOFR each business day from April 2,  2018 through March 2, 2020. An example of how this compounding  approach is applied to the SOFR Index is summarized in the table below. Publication Date; SOFR Index Value Date SOFR Value Date SOFR Calendar Days Applicable Index Mon 4/2/2018 Thurs 3/29/2018 N/A* N/A 1.00000000 Tue 4/3/2018 Mon 4/2/2018 1.80% 1 (1)(1 + 1.80% × 1/360) = 1.00005000 Wed 4/4/2018 Tue 4/3/2018 1.83% 1 (1)(1 + 1.80% × 1/360) (1 + 1.83% × 1/360)  = 1.00010084 Thurs 4/5/2018 Wed 4/4/2018 1.74% 1 (1)(1 + 1.80% × 1/360) (1 + 1.83% × 1/360) (1 + 1.74% × 1/360) = 1.00014917 Fri 4/6/2018 Thurs 4/5/2018 1.75% 1 (1)(1 + 1.80% × 1/360) (1 + 1.83% × 1/360) (1 + 1.74% × 1/360) (1 + 1.75% × 1/360) = 1.00019779 Mon 4/9/2018 Fri 4/6/2018 1.75% 3 (1)(1 + 1.80% × 1/360) (1 + 1.83% × 1/360) (1 + 1.74% × 1/360) (1 + 1.75% × 1/360) (1 + 1.75% × 3/360) = 1.00034365 * Note: there was no SOFR for 3/29/2018. The first SOFR  was published on 4/3/2018 for the value date of 4/2/2018; 3/30/2018 was recognized as a  holiday by the SIFMA holiday calendar for U.S. government securities. The following formula can be used to  calculate compounded averages of the SOFR over custom time periods between any  two dates within the SOFR publication calendar: Where: x = start date of calculation period y = end date of calculation period dc = the number of calendar  dates in the calculation period Using this formula, the SOFR prints  used in the custom SOFR Average will have value dates spanning the period  between days x and y-1, the final overnight repo rate that covers the period  maturing on date y. 3 Given that the SOFR Index reflects  the same arithmetic as the proposed SOFR Averages, rates calculated using the  SOFR Index with the same start and end dates as the SOFR Averages should  effectively produce equivalent results. However, because the SOFR Index is  rounded, averages calculated from Index values do not maintain the same  precision as the SOFR Averages; as a result, minor differences from the  published averages may occasionally occur at the fifth decimal place. For further information regarding  the development of the SOFR Averages and Index, please see the following: Statement Requesting Public  Comment on a Proposed Publication of SOFR Averages and a SOFR Index Statement Regarding Publication  of SOFR Averages and a SOFR Index Details on Publication and Revisions for the Treasury Repo Reference Rates The TGCR, BGCR, SOFR, SOFR Averages,  and SOFR Index, are typically published every business day, including days for  which SIFMA recommends an early close for secondary market trading of U.S.  government securities, but are not published on, or for, days for which SIFMA  recommends a full closure. In addition, the New York Fed may, with advance  notice, choose not to publish its Treasury repo reference rates on any given  business day if participants in the Treasury repo market broadly expect to  treat that day as a holiday. The SOFR Averages and Index are  published shortly after the SOFR is published at approximately 8:00 a.m. ET. With regard to the publication of  the TGCR, BGCR, and SOFR, if—subsequent to the rate publication on the same  day—errors are discovered in the calculation process or the transaction data  provided by either BNY or the OFR or if transaction data from BNY or  the OFR had previously been unavailable in time for the morning publication  but subsequently became available, the affected rate or rates and accompanying  summary statistics may be revised at approximately 2:30 p.m. ET. Rate revisions  will only occur if the change in the rate exceeds one basis point and only on  the same day as initial publication. Any time a rate is revised, a footnote  would indicate the revision. This revision threshold will be reviewed  periodically and may be changed based on market conditions. Similarly, the SOFR Averages and  Index will only be revised on a same-day basis at approximately 2:30 p.m. ET,  and only if either that day’s SOFR publication were also being revised or an  error were discovered in the calculation of the SOFR Averages or Index. For the TGCR, BGCR, and SOFR,  updated summary statistics are published on a lagged basis shortly after the  end of each quarter. These statistics may potentially differ from the  originally published data if errors in the data provided by either BNY or the OFR or in the rate calculation process were discovered following the  initial publication date, data from BNY or the OFR that had not been  available on the initial publication date was subsequently received, or if  same-day changes in the rates had not met the threshold for same day  republication as described above. Additional summary statistics will  be published as part of this lagged release. The most recent release can be  found in the Additional  Reference Rate Data section of  this page. Information about Governance IOSCO Compliance As detailed in the New York Fed's Statement of Compliance , the New York Fed has endeavored to adopt policies and  procedures consistent with best practices for financial benchmarks. The New  York Fed's Audit Group has concluded that the internal control  structure over the production of the EFFR, OBFR,  TGCR, BGCR and SOFR is effective and that the production of these rates is compliant  with the applicable sections of the IOSCO Principles for Financial Benchmarks (the Principles). The New York Fed will assess the compliance of the reference rates with the Principles on an annual basis and issue a Statement of Compliance accordingly. Internal Oversight An internal Oversight Committee  periodically reviews and provides challenge on the rate production process. The  Committee consists of members from across the New York Fed organizational  structure as well as members of the OFR,  each of whom is not involved in the daily production of the reference rates.  The New York Fed’s Chief Risk Officer and other senior staff from various  control areas of the New York Fed review and provide challenge on each of the  reference rates; the OFR provides review and challenge on the Treasury repo  reference rates only. Among the Oversight Committee’s responsibilities are  reviews of the rate production process, any use of non-standard procedures in  the production of the rates, the robustness of the rate calculation  methodologies, and policies regarding complaints received, audit findings, and  conflicts of interest. Methodology Changes As a reference rate administrator,  the New York Fed may seek to revise the composition or calculation methodology  for one or more of the reference rates it administers in response to market  evolution or for some other reason. An Oversight Committee, charged with  periodically reviewing the composition and calculation methodology of each  reference rate to ensure that it continues to properly reflect its underlying  interest, will review and approve any such proposed changes. In its evaluation  of proposed changes, the Oversight Committee will take into account relevant  factors such as the uses of the affected reference rate(s) and the breadth and  depth of those uses, the nature of the stakeholders, the resource implications  of the proposed change(s), and any risks posed by potential delays in  implementing the changes. To the extent that changes being  considered are deemed material 4 by  the Oversight Committee, the New York Fed will seek public comment in a manner that  is proportional and appropriate to the circumstances. Typically, this will  involve publishing a notice on its website detailing the proposed change,  posing specific questions for feedback, and inviting interested parties to  provide written comments by a specified date. In most instances, the New York Fed  will issue a final notice prior to implementing any material change(s) to its  reference rates. This notification will describe the final change, explain the  rationale for the change and what it entails, highlight any modifications to  the proposed change that were made in response to public feedback, and note  when the change will take effect. Additionally, the New York Fed anticipates  that it will publish individual comments received during this public consultation  as well as a summary response to those comments when it issues the final  notice. Depending on the nature of the  change, however, alternative consultation mechanisms may be utilized, such as  in instances where the Federal Reserve Board of Governors is required to engage  in a formal notice-and-comment process for some types of changes. Conflicts of Interest The New York Fed has policies  on ethics and conflicts of  interest . In addition, staff will consider and address potential  conflicts of interests and related concerns specific to administration of the  rates. Questions and Complaints Complaints about the rate  calculation process or a given day’s rate should be submitted in writing to the  New York Fed via the following email address: rateproduction@ny.frb.org . The New  York Fed will investigate and review any such complaints and will endeavor to  respond to the complainant in a timely manner. For additional resources to  report complaints, please see Tips and Complaints . Additional Reference Rate Data Quarterly FR2420 Summary Statistics (updated through Q2 2026) Quarterly Repo Summary Statistics (updated through Q2 2026) Daily brokered Fed Funds volumes and percentiles (Oct. 2006 - Feb. 2016) Daily indicative TGCR, BGCR, and SOFR volume and rate data (Aug. 2014 - Mar. 2018) Daily indicative SOFR averages and index (Apr. 2018 - Feb. 2020) 1 For example, assume that on a given day, $10 billion of  federal funds transactions occurred at each of 5, 10, 15 and 20 basis points,  and $60 billion occurred at 25 basis points. This represents $100 billion of  total volume. The median would be the rate at the ‘middle dollar’, or $50  billion, which is 25 basis points in this example. Alternatively, if $20  billion of transactions occurred at 10, 15, 20 and 25 basis points, the  volume-weighted median would be 15 basis points. 2 τ is the number of consecutive business days of missing  production data for that segment. Thus, ( t -  τ) is the last day for which production data is available.  Because this methodology is intended to be used for short-term contingency  situations, we’d expect τ to equal 1. However, the methodology is  able to accommodate scenarios where production data is missing for several  days. 3 The SOFR Index can also be used to  calculate compounded averages of the SOFR starting or ending on non-business  days, however this requires additional calculations. This page previously  provided instructions for approximating SOFR index values on non-business days.  These instructions are appropriate for contracts that end on non-business days.  However, they are under revision to provide proper guidance on approximating  SOFR index values for contracts that begin on non-business days, which may  require a different approach. 4 In general, a change will be deemed material if it would  require updating the published methodology for the affected reference rate.  Changes which do not require an update to the published methodology will  generally be considered non-material and therefore would not require a public  consultation. By continuing to use our site, you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Statement . You can learn more about how we use cookies by reviewing our Privacy Statement . Request a Speaker International Seminars & Training Governance & Culture Reform Data Visualization Economic Research Tracker Markets Data APIs Podcast Contact Us Terms of Use Privacy Site Map